[DOC] Clarify max trace size 50MB in docs (#5367)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/troubleshooting/out-of-memory-errors.md

        max_bytes_per_trace: 1.5e+07
```

Refer to the [Standard overrides](# https://grafana.com/docs/tempo/<TEMPO_VERSION>/configuration/#standard-overrides) documentation for more information.

> If you exceed this size limit, you may be using long-running batch job traces. In this case, consider using span links to break them apart.

Author: ```suggestion
If you have long-running batch job traces, consider using span links to break them apart.
```
